DOCS-577 PGD-5.5-Release (#5570)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/pgd/5/rel_notes/pgd_5.5.0_rel_notes.mdx

| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Restart the replication connection for bdr_init_physical                                                                |           |
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Add replication parameter to connectdb()                                                                                |           |

## Bug fixes

| Component | Version | Description                                                                       | Addresses |
|-----------|---------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------|
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Improve handling of node group configuration parameter "check_constraints"        | RT99956   |
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Prevent potential segfault in bdr.monitor_group_versions()                        | RT102290  |
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Correctly elect a new leader when the current leader gets route_writes turned off |           |
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Prevent unexpected writer terminations with improved queue flush process          | RT98966   |

> | BDR       | 5.5.0   | Fix multi-row conflict accidentally deleting the wrong tuple multiple times()                        |   |

Reviewer: `multiple times()` seems like a typo or copy'n'pasta of some sort.

Author: Autocomplete (one day we'll not use mdx and things like this will stop.)

```suggestion
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Fix multi-row conflict accidentally deleting the wrong tuple multiple times                       |   |
```

!!! Important Recommended upgrade
We recommend that all users of PGD 5 upgrade to PGD 5.5. See [PGD/TPA upgrades](../upgrades/tpa_overview) for details.
!!!

## Highlights of EDB Postgres Distributed 5.5.0

Highlights of this 5.5.0 release include:

* read scalability enhancements in PGD Proxy which allow read-only queries to be routed to nodes that are not the write leader, improving the overall performance of the cluster.

## Compatibility

!!! Note EDB Server version compatibility
This version requires the recently released Postgres versions 14.10, 15.4,
or 16.1 (or later) of EDB Postgres Advanced Server or EDB Postgres Extended
Server. No such restrictions exist for PostgreSQL Server.

Package managers on Debian, RHEL, and SLES pull in the required EDB Postgres
Advanced Server or EDB Postgres Extended upgrades with an upgrade of EDB
Postgres Distributed.
!!!

## Features

| Component | Version | Description                                   | Addresses |
|-----------|---------|-----------------------------------------------|-----------|
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Add support for readonly proxy routing        |           |

> | CLI       | 5.5.0   | Create PGD CLI binaries for MacOS and Windows |           |

Reviewer: @Jagdish-Kewat-EDB @smaher-edb Are these already available to customers? This branch adds installation instructions for Mac, but I'm not seeing anything for Windows, yet.

Reviewer: According to @smaher-edb, MacOS is available (as per the documented installation instruction), but the binaries for Windows are not yet available to customers. Please remove the "and Windows" addition.

| Proxy     | 5.5.0   | Add support for readonly proxy routing        |           |

## Enhancements

| Component | Version | Description                                                                                                             | Addresses |
|-----------|---------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------|
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Improve bulk INSERT/UPDATE/DELETE performance by sending multiple messages together in a group rather than individually |           |
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Log completion of an extension upgrade                                                                                  |           |
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Add restrictions for group commit options                                                                               |           |

> | BDR       | 5.5.0   | Ensure bdr.remove_commit_scope() handles non-existent commit scope                                                      |           |

Reviewer 2: This is a bugfix rather than an enhancement (unless we count "not crashing the cluster" as an enhancement ;) ).

| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Use DETACH CONCURRENTLY to drop partitions.                                                                             | RT101407  |
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Disallow node group creation on a node bad state                                                                        |           |
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Grant additional object permissions to role "bdr_read_all_stats"                                                        |           |
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Add support for readonly proxy routing                                                                                  |           |
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Improve stability of Raft consensus and workers by handling dynamic shared memory errors in the right place             |           |
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Report current manager activity in pg_stat_activity                                                                     |           |
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Expose number of changes processed by writer in a large transaction                                                     |           |

> | BDR       | 5.5.0   | Restart the replication connection for bdr_init_physical                                                                |           |

Reviewer 2: Addresses RT102828 (see commit [a27c5ebee](https://github.com/EnterpriseDB/bdr/commit/a27c5ebeea346547935fc3b8137d6f2f553ef921))

Author: Fixed

> | BDR       | 5.5.0   | Add replication parameter to connectdb()                                                                                |           |

Reviewer 2: I don't think that's particularly noteworthy; IMO it's part of the `Restart the replication connection for bdr_init_physical` change above (both BDR-4897).

Author: Removed

## Bug fixes

| Component | Version | Description                                                                       | Addresses |
|-----------|---------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------|
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Improve handling of node group configuration parameter "check_constraints"        | RT99956   |
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Prevent potential segfault in bdr.monitor_group_versions()                        | RT102290  |
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Correctly elect a new leader when the current leader gets route_writes turned off |           |
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Prevent unexpected writer terminations with improved queue flush process          | RT98966   |
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Fix multi-row conflict accidentally deleting the wrong tuple multiple times                       |   |
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Fixed receiver to send status update when writer is blocked, avoiding slot disconnect.                      |   |
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Fix minor    memory leak during bdr_join_node_group_sql|   |

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Disallow using witness and standby nodes as source nodes for node joins           |           |
```
commits cce12cac and 7bb900fb

Author: Accepted

!!! Important Recommended upgrade
We recommend that all users of PGD 5 upgrade to PGD 5.5. See [PGD/TPA upgrades](../upgrades/tpa_overview) for details.
!!!

## Highlights of EDB Postgres Distributed 5.5.0

Highlights of this 5.5.0 release include:

* read scalability enhancements in PGD Proxy which allow read-only queries to be routed to nodes that are not the write leader, improving the overall performance of the cluster.

## Compatibility

!!! Note EDB Server version compatibility
This version requires the recently released Postgres versions 14.10, 15.4,
or 16.1 (or later) of EDB Postgres Advanced Server or EDB Postgres Extended
Server. No such restrictions exist for PostgreSQL Server.

Package managers on Debian, RHEL, and SLES pull in the required EDB Postgres
Advanced Server or EDB Postgres Extended upgrades with an upgrade of EDB
Postgres Distributed.
!!!

## Features

| Component | Version | Description                            | Addresses |
|-----------|---------|----------------------------------------|-----------|
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Add support for readonly proxy routing |           |
| CLI       | 5.5.0   | Create PGD CLI binaries for MacOS      |           |

> | Proxy     | 5.5.0   | Add support for readonly proxy routing |           |

Author: Check done, was only in rel notes.

navTitle: "Version 5.5.0"
---

Released: 14th May 2024

EDB Postgres Distributed version 5.5.0 is a minor version of EDB Postgres Distributed.

!!! Important Recommended upgrade
We recommend that all users of PGD 5 upgrade to PGD 5.5. See [PGD/TPA upgrades](../upgrades/tpa_overview) for details.
!!!

## Highlights of EDB Postgres Distributed 5.5.0

Highlights of this 5.5.0 release include:

* read scalability enhancements in PGD Proxy which allow read-only queries to be routed to nodes that are not the write leader, improving the overall performance of the cluster.

## Compatibility

!!! Note EDB Server version compatibility
This version requires the recently released Postgres versions 14.10, 15.4,
or 16.1 (or later) of EDB Postgres Advanced Server or EDB Postgres Extended
Server. No such restrictions exist for PostgreSQL Server.

Package managers on Debian, RHEL, and SLES pull in the required EDB Postgres
Advanced Server or EDB Postgres Extended upgrades with an upgrade of EDB
Postgres Distributed.
!!!

## Features

| Component | Version | Description                             | Addresses |
|-----------|---------|-----------------------------------------|-----------|

> | BDR       | 5.5.0   | Add support for read-only proxy routing |           |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Add support for read-only proxy routing |           |
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Improve stability of routing leader selection by using  Raft hearbeat for connectivity check |           |
```

| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Don't save changes received by the writer to a temp file                                                                |                |
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Log completion of an extension upgrade                                                                                  |                |
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Add restrictions for group commit options                                                                               |                |
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Execute each autopartition task in its own transaction                                                                  | RT101407/35476 |
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Use DETACH CONCURRENTLY to drop partitions.                                                                             | RT101407/35476 |
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Disallow node group creation on a node bad state                                                                        |                |
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Grant additional object permissions to role "bdr_read_all_stats"                                                        |                |

> | BDR       | 5.5.0   | Add support for read-only proxy routing                                                                                 |                |

Reviewer 3: This is already in features above

> | BDR       | 5.5.0   | Improve stability of Raft consensus and workers by handling dynamic shared memory errors in the right place             |                |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Improve stability of manager and Raft consensus by not throwing error on non-fatal dynamic shared memory read failures             |                |
```

| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Report current manager activity in pg_stat_activity                                                                     |                |

> | BDR       | 5.5.0   | Expose number of changes processed by writer in a large transaction                                                     |                |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Expose number of changes processed by writer in a large transaction                                                     |                |
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Expose heatbeat timings in Raft get_raft_status()                                                     |                |
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Expose follower info in Raft get_raft_status() on Raft leader nodes                                                    |                |
```

| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Stop the initial replication connection for bdr_init_physical and start it only when needed                             | RT102828/35305 |
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Grant usage of `pg_file_settings` and `pg_show_all_file_settings()` to bdr_superuser                                    |                |
| CLI       | 5.5.0   | Add new read scalability related options to JSON output of `show-proxies ` and `show-groups` commands                   |                |
| CLI       | 5.5.0   | Add new option called `proxy-mode` to `create-proxy` command for read scalability support                               |                |
| CLI       | 5.5.0   | Add raft leader in  tabular output of `show-groups` command                                                             |                |

> | CLI       | 5.5.0   | Upgrade 3rd party dependencies to fix Github dependabot alerts                                                          |                |

Reviewer 3: I don't think users care about dependabot/github stuff

> | Proxy     | 5.5.0   | Upgrade 3rd party dependencies to fix Github dependabot alerts                                                          |                |

Reviewer 3: I don't think users care about dependabot/github stuff

---
title: "EDB Postgres Distributed 5.5.0 release notes"
navTitle: "Version 5.5.0"
---

> Released: 14th May 2024

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Released: 14 May 2024
```

EDB Postgres Distributed version 5.5.0 is a minor version of EDB Postgres Distributed.

!!! Important Recommended upgrade
We recommend that all users of PGD 5 upgrade to PGD 5.5. See [PGD/TPA upgrades](../upgrades/tpa_overview) for details.
!!!

## Highlights of EDB Postgres Distributed 5.5.0

Highlights of this 5.5.0 release include:

> * read scalability enhancements in PGD Proxy which allow read-only queries to be routed to nodes that are not the write leader, improving the overall performance of the cluster.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* Read-scalability enhancements in PGD Proxy that allow read-only queries to be routed to nodes that aren't the write leader. This enhancement improves the overall performance of the cluster.
```

## Compatibility

> !!! Note EDB Server version compatibility

Reviewer 4: What is EDB Server? Should this be EDB Postgres Advance Server? Or EDB server? I think this latter one is what you mean.

This version requires the recently released Postgres versions 14.10, 15.4,
or 16.1 (or later) of EDB Postgres Advanced Server or EDB Postgres Extended

> Server. No such restrictions exist for PostgreSQL Server.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Server. No such restrictions exist for the PostgreSQL server.
```
?? I don't see a product called PostgreSQL Server, so I think this is what was meant?

Package managers on Debian, RHEL, and SLES pull in the required EDB Postgres
Advanced Server or EDB Postgres Extended upgrades with an upgrade of EDB
Postgres Distributed.
!!!

## Features

| Component | Version | Description                                                                                   | Addresses |
|-----------|---------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------|

> | BDR       | 5.5.0   | Add support for read-only proxy routing                                                       |           |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Added support for read-only proxy routing.                                                       |           |
```

> | BDR       | 5.5.0   | Improve stability of routing leader selection by using  Raft heartbeat for connectivity check |           |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Improved stability of routing leader selection by using  Raft heartbeat for connectivity check. |           |
```

> | CLI       | 5.5.0   | Add PGD CLI binaries for MacOS                                                                |           |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| CLI       | 5.5.0   | Added PGD CLI binaries for MacOS.                                                                |           |
```

> | Proxy     | 5.5.0   | Add support for read-only proxy routing                                                       |           |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| Proxy     | 5.5.0   | Added support for read-only proxy routing.                                                       |           |
```

## Enhancements

| Component | Version | Description                                                                                                                   | Addresses      |
|-----------|---------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------|

> | BDR       | 5.5.0   | Improve bulk INSERT/UPDATE/DELETE performance by sending multiple messages together in a group rather than individually       |                |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Improved bulk INSERT/UPDATE/DELETE performance by sending multiple messages together in a group rather than individually.       |                |
```

> | BDR       | 5.5.0   | Don't save changes received by the writer to a temp file                                                                      |                |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | BDR now doesn't save changes received by the writer to a temp file.                                                                      |                |
```

> | BDR       | 5.5.0   | Log completion of an extension upgrade                                                                                        |                |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | BDR now logs completion of an extension upgrade.                                                                                        |                |
```

> | BDR       | 5.5.0   | Add restrictions for group commit options                                                                                     |                |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Added restrictions for group commit options.                                                                                     |                |
```

> | BDR       | 5.5.0   | Execute each autopartition task in its own transaction                                                                        | RT101407/35476 |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | BDR now executes each autopartition task in its own transaction.                                                                        | RT101407/35476 |
```

> | BDR       | 5.5.0   | Use DETACH CONCURRENTLY to drop partitions.                                                                                   | RT101407/35476 |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | BDR now uses DETACH CONCURRENTLY to drop partitions.                                                                                   | RT101407/35476 |
```

> | BDR       | 5.5.0   | Disallow node group creation on a node bad state                                                                              |                |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | BDR now disallows node group creation on a node bad state.                                                                              |                |
```

> | BDR       | 5.5.0   | Grant additional object permissions to role "bdr_read_all_stats"                                                              |                |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Granted additional object permissions to role bdr_read_all_stats.                                                              |                |
```

> | BDR       | 5.5.0   | Improve stability of manager worker and Raft consensus by not throwing error on non-fatal dynamic shared memory read failures |                |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Improved stability of manager worker and Raft consensus by not throwing error on non-fatal dynamic shared memory read failures. |                |
```

> | BDR       | 5.5.0   | Improve stability of Raft consensus and workers by handling dynamic shared memory errors in the right place                   |                |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Improved stability of Raft consensus and workers by handling dynamic shared memory errors in the right place.                  |                |
```

> | BDR       | 5.5.0   | Expose number of changes processed by writer in a large transaction                                                           |                |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | BDR now exposes number of changes processed by writer in a large transaction.                                                          |                |
```

> | BDR       | 5.5.0   | Expose heatbeat timings in Raft get_raft_status()                                                                             |                |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Expose heatbeat timings in Raft get_raft_status()                                                                             |                |
```
```suggestion
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | BDR now exposes heatbeat timings in Raft `get_raft_status()`.                                                                             |                |
```
Is this meant to be heartbeat?

> | BDR       | 5.5.0   | Expose follower info in Raft get_raft_status() on Raft leader nodes                                                           |                |

Reviewer 4: ### 
```suggestion
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | BDR now exposes follower info in Raft `get_raft_status()` on Raft leader nodes.                                                           |                |
```

> | BDR       | 5.5.0   | Expose number of changes processed by writer in a large transaction                                                           |                |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | BDR now exposes number of changes processed by writer in a large transaction.                                                          |                |
```

> | BDR       | 5.5.0   | Stop the initial replication connection for bdr_init_physical and start it only when needed                                   | RT102828/35305 |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | BDR now stops the initial replication connection for `bdr_init_physical` and starts it only when needed.                                   | RT102828/35305 |
```

> | BDR       | 5.5.0   | Grant usage of `pg_file_settings` and `pg_show_all_file_settings()` to bdr_superuser                                          |                |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | BDR now grants use of `pg_file_settings` and `pg_show_all_file_settings()` to bdr_superuser.                                          |                |
```

> | CLI       | 5.5.0   | Add new read scalability related options to JSON output of `show-proxies ` and `show-groups` commands                         |                |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| CLI       | 5.5.0   | Added new read scalability-related options to JSON output of `show-proxies ` and `show-groups` commands.                         |                |
```

> | CLI       | 5.5.0   | Add new option called `proxy-mode` to `create-proxy` command for read scalability support                                     |                |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| CLI       | 5.5.0   | Added option `proxy-mode` to `create-proxy` command for read-scalability support.                                     |                |
```

> | CLI       | 5.5.0   | Add raft leader in  tabular output of `show-groups` command                                                                   |                |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| CLI       | 5.5.0   | Added Raft leader in  tabular output of `show-groups` command.                                                                   |                |
```

## Bug fixes

| Component | Version | Description                                                                                                               | Addresses      |
|-----------|---------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------|

> | BDR       | 5.5.0   | Improve handling of node group configuration parameter "check_constraints"                                                | RT99956/31896  |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Improved handling of node group configuration parameter `check_constraints`.                                                | RT99956/31896  |
```

> | BDR       | 5.5.0   | Fix incorrect parsing of pre-commit message that caused nodes to diverge on commit decision for group commit transactions |                |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Fix incorrect parsing of pre-commit message that caused nodes to diverge on commit decision for group commit transactions |                |
```
```suggestion
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Fixed incorrect parsing of pre-commit message that caused nodes to diverge on commit decision for group commit transactions. |                |
```

> | BDR       | 5.5.0   | Prevent potential segfault in bdr.monitor_group_versions()                                                                | RT102290/34051 |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Fixed an issue to prevent potential segfault in `bdr.monitor_group_versions()`.                                                                | RT102290/34051 |
```

> | BDR       | 5.5.0   | Correctly elect a new leader when the current leader gets route_writes turned off                                         |                |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Now correctly elect a new leader when the current leader gets route_writes turned off.                                         |                |
```

> | BDR       | 5.5.0   | Ensure bdr.remove_commit_scope() handles non-existent commit scope                                                        |                |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Now ensure that `bdr.remove_commit_scope()` handles non-existent commit scope.                                                        |                |
```

> | BDR       | 5.5.0   | Prevent unexpected writer terminations with improved queue flush process                                                  | RT98966/35447  |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Now prevent unexpected writer terminations with improved queue flush process.                                                  | RT98966/35447  |
```

> | BDR       | 5.5.0   | Fix multi-row conflict accidentally deleting the wrong tuple multiple times                                               |                |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Fixed multi-row conflict accidentally deleting the wrong tuple multiple times.                                               |                |
```

| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Fixed receiver to send status update when writer is blocked, avoiding slot disconnect.                                    |                |

> | BDR       | 5.5.0   | Fix minor memory leak during bdr_join_node_group_sql                                                                      |                |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Fixed minor memory leak during `bdr_join_node_group_sql`.                                                                      |                |
```

> | BDR       | 5.5.0   | Disallow using witness and standby nodes as source nodes for node joins                                                   |                |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Now disallow using witness and standby nodes as source nodes for node joins                                                   |                |
```
```suggestion
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Now disallow using witness and standby nodes as source nodes for node joins.                                                   |                |
```

> | BDR       | 5.5.0   | Use bdr.default_sequence_kind when updating sequence kind of existing sequences upon node creation.                       |                |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Now use `bdr.default_sequence_kind` when updating sequence kind of existing sequences upon node creation.                       |                |
```

| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Added restrictions for group commit options.                                                                                   |                |
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Each autopartition task is now executed in its own transaction.                                                                | RT101407/35476 |
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | DETACH CONCURRENTLY is now used to drop partitions.                                                                            | RT101407/35476 |
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Node group creation on a node bad state is now disallowed.                                                                     |                |
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Granted additional object permissions to role `bdr_read_all_stats`.                                                            |                |
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Improve stability of manager worker and Raft consensus by not throwing error on non-fatal dynamic shared memory read failures. |                |
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Improved stability of Raft consensus and workers by handling dynamic shared memory errors in the right place.                  |                |

> | BDR       | 5.5.0   | The number of changes processed by writer in a large transaction is now exposed.                                               |                |

Reviewer 5: @djw-m can you link to the page with more detail about what this looks like now?

Author: Again, no, because this release note came with no accompanying notes (and the note doesn't say where the changes are exposed).

> | BDR       | 5.5.0   | Heartbeat timings in Raft are now exposed in `get_raft_status()`.                                                              |                |

Reviewer 5: @djw-m get_raft_status() is an internal view, it's not something the customer can see - let's remove these two mentions

Author: Removed.

| BDR       | 5.5.0   | Follower information in Raft is now exposed in `get_raft_status()` on Raft leader nodes.                                       |                |

> | BDR       | 5.5.0   | BDR now exposes the number of changes processed by writer in a large transaction.                                              |                |

Reviewer 5: @djw-m this seems like a duplicate?

Author: ```suggestion
```

Author: Easy fix.

| BDR       | 5.5.0   | `bdr_init_physical` now stops the initial replication connection and starts it only when needed.                                | RT102828/35305 |
| BDR       | 5.5.0   | `bdr_superuser` is now granted use of `pg_file_settings` and `pg_show_all_file_settings()`.                                    |                |

> | CLI       | 5.5.0   | Added new read scalability related options to JSON output of `show-proxies ` and `show-groups` commands.                       |                |

Author: JSON output of pgd cli isn't detailed by the pgd cli developers.
